We were successful with our age the amount but that is probably not the look that we want.
Meaning these massive images.
So why don't we head over again two main CSO style sources and start styling this window of about.
Then we're going to add some comments of products.
This is gonna be commented out and of product and then let's write something here and buy something
I mean first let's start working on a product.
And I would like to add the background the background is gonna be the main dark one.
So let's say background then we're going to be looking for the color and we can say man dark.
Now my whole product section is going to be made dark success.
We also would want a little bit of again padding in between because as you see right now the image is
up all the way where is our button.
And that's not something we want.
So we're gonna write product I'm going to be looking for both of the columns so products info as well
as karma of products in Van story.
Those were my two column names and let's just had some padding.
Planning is gonna be top bottom of two left and right zero.
We are getting there people what else we're gonna have.
Well let's see.
We also would like to maybe work with this product text maybe a little bit nicer and you know what.
There's also gonna be another class.
Now what is that class gonna be.
Remember all the way in the beginning when we were working with these utility classes I was looking
at it and I was saying we can have the text WHITE Now what text WHITE IS GONNA DO IT'S GONNA MAKE THIS
TEXT white so let's say if I don't want to go back and change it or create another class for just this
particular section we can head over here we can say that whenever we have the section title we would
just like to add this class of text white.
And now this text is gonna be white.
So again we do not have to do any extra work in the CSF if you just want a quick fix.
We can just do it like this.
That would be the first thing.
What else we're gonna have in the series as well.
We do have the product text also here.
So why don't we select this product text and what we would like for this guy.
Again we're going to do the same thing with a color.
So the color is going to be made white as well as we're going to add a little bit of margin the same
margin the bottom is going to be one arms and zero.
And you know what.
Let's use Macs with let's say max width of twenty six harem as you're looking at it you can see that
this is a lot like we had already before.
Apart from obviously text white.
So your other option would be reusing this so you could have just said some general name and since we're
using the margin Max with the same you could have done it that way.
That is also an option.
I'm not gonna do it but just just to let you know that you can do it and then let's start working with
these products because each and every product has the same age and all that.
And why don't we start with an image because probably that's going to be the most annoying part here.
And for this I'm gonna say like this that um uh the product image product image is gonna have following
styles first of all with a hundred percent so they're not too big then we're gonna be looking for display
of block.
So I would say a display block and now the image is look already much nicer.
What else I would like.
I don't know some border radius border radius.
And then here I'm going to say zero point four zero point four is gonna be my border areas as well as
we can do a little bit of margin bottom and for this we can do maybe like two arms so not maybe a little
with quite a big what else I would like for the product.
Well I would like to have some distance in between them.
So right now all my products are jammed one against another the same how we had both of the initial
columns.
So here we're gonna save for the product since that is the class that we can target.
Let's add some padding off again to heading off to our.
Some would say to our homes top bottom left and right zero.
Now that should be our padding.
And for some reason this is not working.
So let me actually check this because this shouldn't be working.
We shouldn't be getting comparing and what is happening here.
So we have a section title product.
Text products and then I did not and the class and that's the reason why this is happening so maybe
let me selected in multiple cases where I can just write product and then copy paste it let me grab
this value scroll over here and paste it as well as for a third one.
Mistakes happen.
We just need to fix them and move on.
What else we're having.
Well I guess we can work with product title so let's say like this let's say product title and what
I would want for the title title.
I don't know let me decide and be color white again.
So let's right color not 0 0 but we're gonna look for main white and we know what we do need to use
the main white and for some reason this is not again giving me suggestions.
Let's try it out now mainly white is working fine.
Text transform uppercase would want to be upper case per case and what else we have maybe a similar
spacing letter spacing is gonna be our general one so letter spacing and the Lisbon list we're gonna
have some margin in the bottom which would be I don't know one arms.
So now we're gonna push a little but this text or you know what.
More like price.
And then we have product price before we start working with our mere equals.
So let's say here product price that's gonna be your class name then we're gonna have the color again
the color is gonna be the same the primary color.
And when I say the same I thought that I'm going to be placing the white but that's actually primary.
So technically it's not going to be same primary color and that's going to be green.
I would also want to do the same letter spacing and letter spacing that's gonna be our setup and then
what else we have.
I don't know maybe font family just so the text is slanted font family text slant and that should be
it.
This should work.
Now we're gonna have our price.
Okay.
Now let's start working as we're floating everything because at the moment this is not gonna look really
good on a bigger screen and this is not what I want.
I actually need to not open this one not this one.
This is the one that I want to open and uh let's see where we're working this is our recording and I
see the images are really big.
We haven't floated anything so everything is massive.
So why don't we start with our media queries where we can set up the responsive design some say media
screen and mean with starting from some kind of screen size and the screen size I'm gonna start with
is gonna be seven sixty eight pixels and starting from that screen size I would like to first of all
float the product and have it a width of let's say 50 percent.
How is this gonna work.
Well I'm going to say that I'm going to select the product and we're going to use float.
We're gonna float left.
So that's gonna be with all these products that we have here.
All of them are going to be floated to the left and then I also want to have some with and the West
is going to be 50 percent.
And last but not least I would want to keep adding.
Now before I add the padding let me show you what would be the issue and I would want to do that.
So this outlet is not going to be what I want but let's say the moment I get past the 768 out one them
side by side.
But I do want to get some padding in between and that's the reason why for the product I'm gonna have
padding then not only I'm gonna add top and bottom padding which is gonna be to our arms.
Remember that's the same padding we already had.
So the reason for that is because I don't want to override this.
I want to say yeah I want to keep the same padding on here.
Let's write one our aim is gonna be left and right.
So this should fix our issue.
Now we should be having some padding in between.
However the key here is that notice what's happening.
So we have two column land but this column right now does not have this one padding that one RTM left
and right.
And what happens is this one is being pushed out more to the left and to the right.
Now we don't see that on the right of course but we do see it anyway.
So why don't we go back and say from starting also from 768 we will going to have product info and we're
going to add that padding as well.
So I say again not only top and bottom and I will gonna repeat myself but the reason for that is again
we added this planning already.
So I'm just making sure that we're still keeping this and then I'm going to say left and right is also
going to be one RTM and now this is going to look much nicer where we will gonna have them pushed here.
Now with this button and you know what.
Let me make Chuck product in full.
Yeah that's the one where I wanted to add the one I am but obviously this button is gonna be looking
a little bit different because we already have the outline.
So that's not gonna fix everything completely but we are getting into the right right direction where
this is not going to be any more pushed out as far as our image here.
Okay.
What else we would like to do.
Well let's say as I get to nine hundred ninety two I would want to have three column.
So all of them should be in one line.
How we can do that.
We already know we've just selected copy and paste it.
Then we're going to change in here to nine hundred ninety two.
That's gonna be on land and then we only care about the product.
We already have the float.
We don't care about the float.
We already have the padding.
We don't care about the padding.
And we already set up this product and for now maybe just to test it out maybe let's add product info
to our teams.
Maybe this is going to look better but I can still delete it here and let's say here this is gonna be
thirty three point three percent.
Now once I save it the moment we're gonna get to nine hundred ninety two.
Now we're gonna have this kind of layout where what's gonna happen is that there is gonna be our whatever.
First column and then we're looking with a second column on the second column as I'm gonna have all
three of them here.
One two three.
These are gonna be our three product.
Now finally once I get to a two column layout to a twelve hundred pixels I would want to put them side
by side.
So how this is gonna work.
And I don't think this really helped me a lot.
So I can just say what I am and this is gonna be good enough.
Then here let's add another media query and let's copy paste it and let's say here from twelve hundred.
So starting from twelve hundred what's gonna happen.
Now I would like to work with both of them.
I would work with a product in.
Some would say first of all product info.
And that's always going to be my first column and that's gonna be this dude over here.
And what I would like for this product info is I would like to float it to the left to the left as well
as give it a worth of notes a 30 hour.
So our sorry not our MS 30 percentages.
That's gonna be starting from the top 1.
Now the moment I was get twelve hundred at the moment nothing is gonna happen.
We need to take care of the other dude because for now we haven't done that.
So we have men with but not only I won't work with product info.
And you know what.
I'm having suspicion right now that not for some reason targeting this product and for letting me head
over here and yeah of course there's not product info but I have the product info.
So what would be the better suggestion if I messed it up over here.
Mm hmm.
Let's see what I how I named the other one.
And my apologies I didn't mess this one up.
I have products inventory so you know what.
I might as well go and fix it everywhere where I have products.
Then the same thing is gonna happen over here.
Let me make sure yeah I do have it products in for.
Product product.
That's all good product price product.
And here I need to again product.
And this is also gonna be products.
So as you can see a small mistake one us and it really messes up everything that you're doing.
So now finally everything is looking correct or it should be.
So now we're having the padding.
Now let me make this bigger at the moment.
Again we are not having any floats.
Not great.
We'll figure this one out.
So product info is gonna be float it was left with a width of 30.
However we also have the product inventory copy and paste this product inventory that's right in when
two or three like this.
And we're also going to float it is left.
However here we're gonna give it a 70 percent so we're gonna make this smaller.
So now we're having them side by side.
And what's neat is that nothing is being messed up because we do have right now are clear fixes.
We have a clear fix for the whole column as well.
We have the clear fix here.
So there is no unwanted surprises.
What I do want though maybe a little bit smaller.
I don't know some padding but I would like to change with these guys with these products.
So I'm also gonna say for all the products and the class was the product I'm going to add different
padding of one point five grams and that I'm gonna say one hour am left or right.
And then one is gonna be on the left hand side.
So what I'm doing here is I'm just gonna making this padding smaller because before that we had like
two arms and I just don't see how that would be a better look.
So I'm just gonna go with one point five.
And yeah that's how we can create a nested column layout using the floats and we have right now our
product section.
So now we can move on and start working on our next section.